CNV-55964: Right-click VM operation in the tree view (#94476)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-controlling-multiple-vms.adoc

. Optional: To limit the number of displayed virtual machines, select a relevant project from the *Projects* list.
. Select a checkbox next to the virtual machines you want to work with. To select all virtual machines, click the checkbox in the *VirtualMachines* table header.

> . Click *Actions* and select the intended action from the menu.
> +
> Alternatively, change the state of all VMs in a project by right-clicking the project in the tree view and selecting the intended command from the pop-up menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To change the state of the all the VMs in a project, do any of the following tasks:
** Click *Actions*, and then on the pop-up menu, select the intended action.
** In the tree view, right-click the project, and then on the pop-up menu, select the intended action.
```

> Alternatively, you can change the state of all VMs in a project by right-clicking the project in the tree view and selecting the intended command from the pop-up menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To change the state of all the VMs in a project, do any of the following tasks:
** Click *Actions*, and then on the pop-up menu, select the intended action.
** In the tree view, right-click the project, and then on the pop-up menu, select the intended action.
```
